chore: add Cloud Engineer role (#406)
questdb/questdb.io: src/pages/careers/senior-cloud-engineer.mdx

- Excellent knowledge of cloud architecture design (e.g., AWS Well-Architected)
- Experience building scalable, resilient, and secured applications
- Experience with CI/CD & Infrastructure as Code (e.g., Terraform)

> - Proficient in Node.js and familiarity with either React or TypeScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proficient in TypeScript and Node.js. Familiarity with React is a bonus
```

- Experience with containerized applications and orchestration (e.g., Docker,

>   Fargate, Kubernetes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes)
```

> - Experience with automated testing, logging and monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience with automated testing
```

> - Experience with load balancing/proxies, network architecture and security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Good understanding of Cloud topology
```

> - Experience managing Linux servers, shell scripting, SSH, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

if we want a cloud engineer, linux is implied

Author: 👍🏻
